docs: new design for zero trust access docs homepage (#59160)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/zero-trust-access/zero-trust-access.mdx

import applicationSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/application.svg";
import linuxServersSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/linux-servers.svg";
import databaseSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/database-access.svg";
import kubernetesClustersSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/kubernetes-clusters.svg";
import windowsDesktopsSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/windows-desktops.svg";
import autoDiscoverySvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/auto-discovery.svg";
import cloudProvidersSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/cloud-providers.svg";
import mcpAndAiSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/mcp-and-ai.svg";

<LandingHero
  title="Teleport Zero Trust Access"
  image={zeroTrustAccessImg}
>
  Easy access to all your infrastructure, on a foundation of cryptographic identity and zero trust.

  [Authentication and session joining](./authentication/authentication.mdx)

  [Get started with role-based access control (RBAC)](./rbac-get-started/rbac-get-started.mdx)

  [Export audit events to a SIEM tool](./export-audit-events/export-audit-events.mdx)

</LandingHero>

<UseCasesList

>   title="Popular Topics"

Reviewer: - Some link items use sentence case, while some use title case.
- The headings in this guide should be in sentence case to be consistent with other docs pages.

      description: "Log into infrastructure via your Single Sign-On (SSO) provider",
      href: "./sso/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Okta",
          href: "./sso/okta/",
          icon: "okta",
        },
        {
          name: "GitHub",
          href: "./sso/github-sso/",
          icon: "github",
        },
        {
          name: "Entra ID",
          href: "./sso/entra-id-oidc/",
          icon: "entraId",
        },
       {
          name: "More IdPs",
          href: "./sso/",
          arrow: true,
        },
      ]
    },
     {
      title: "VNet: Build without VPNs",
      description: "Connect to internal, non-browser TCP and SSH resources without VPNs. Use familiar tools and workflows while eliminating exposure to public internet.",
      href: "../enroll-resources/application-access/guides/vnet/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Teleport VNet Demo",
          href: "https://youtu.be/OQ98VErAorM",
          icon: "youtube",
        },
        {
          name: "VNet Guide",
          href: "../connect-your-client/vnet/",
        },
      ]
    },
    {
      title: "Manage and Track Teleport Audit Events",

>       description: "Log granular audit events when users and services interact with your cluster. View audit events in Teleport or export them to a 3rd-party tool.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Log granular audit events when users and services interact with your cluster. View audit events in Teleport or export them to a third-party tool.",
```

      href: "./infrastructure-as-code/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Terraform",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/terraform-provider/",
        },
        {
          name: "Kubernetes Operator",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/teleport-operator/",
        },
      ]
    },
    {
      title: "Security Best Practices",
      description: "Run Teleport Enterprise in your own infrastructure, with guides covering high availability and multi-region clusters, secure CA keys with KMS or HSM, and more.",
      href: "./management/security/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Reducing the Blast Radius of Attacks",
          href: "./management/security/reduce-blast-radius/",
        },
        {
          name: "Restricting Access",
          href: "./management/security/restrict-privileges/",
        },
        {
          name: "Revoking Access",
          href: "./management/security/revoking-access/",
        },
      ]
    }
  ]}
/>

<UseCasesList
  title="Use Cases"
  useCases={[
    {
      title: "Enroll and Protect Your Infrastructure",

>       description: "Apps, servers, databases, Kubernetes, desktops, & more",

Reviewer: Here and in other descriptions, I would be consistent about using "and" instead of ampersands in regular prose. We tend to reserve ampersands for product names.

      href: "../enroll-resources/",
    },  
    {
      title: "VNet: Build without VPNs",
      description: "Secure app & SSH access with no VPNs or proxies",
      href: "../enroll-resources/application-access/guides/vnet/",
    },
    {
      title: "Secure MCP",

>       description: "Secure MCP integration with granular audit trail",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Secure MCP integration with a granular audit trail",
```

      iconComponent: linuxServersSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/server-access/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Database Access',
      description: 'PostgreSQL, MongoDB, SQL Server, and more',
      iconComponent: databaseSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/database-access/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Kubernetes Clusters',
      description: 'Kubernetes clusters and the apps running in them',
      iconComponent: kubernetesClustersSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/kubernetes-access/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Windows Desktops',
      description: 'With or without Active Directory',
      iconComponent: windowsDesktopsSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/desktop-access/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Auto-Discovery of Resources',
      description: 'SSH servers, databases, Kubernetes clusters and apps',
      iconComponent: autoDiscoverySvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/auto-discovery/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Cloud Providers',
      description: 'AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud consoles and CLI',
      iconComponent: cloudProvidersSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/application-access/cloud-apis/'
    },
    {
      title: 'MCP and AI Agents',

>       description: 'Secure agentic AI connections to databases & MCP servers',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'Secure agentic AI connections to databases and MCP servers',
```

import mcpAndAiSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/mcp-and-ai.svg";

<LandingHero
  title="Zero Trust Access"
  image={zeroTrustAccessImg}
>
  Zero Trust Access provides engineers with just-in-time, least‐privileged
  access to applications, servers, databases, Kubernetes clusters, and other
  resources across distributed infrastructures, improving engineering time to
  market and infrastructure resiliency.
</LandingHero>

<UseCasesList
  title="Popular Actions"
  desktopColumnsCount={2}
  useCases={[
    {
      title: "Sign In with Your Identity Provider",
      description: "Log in to servers, Kubernetes clusters, databases, web applications, and Windows desktops through their organization's Single Sign-On (SSO) provider.",
      href: "./sso/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Okta",
          href: "./sso/okta/",
          icon: "okta",
        },
        {
          name: "GitHub",
          href: "./sso/github-sso/",
          icon: "github",
        },
        {
          name: "Entra ID",
          href: "./sso/entra-id-oidc/",
          icon: "entraId",
        },
        {

>           name: "G Suite",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          name: "Google Workspace",
```

          href: "./sso/google-workspace/",
          icon: "googleCloud",
        },
       {
          name: "more",
          href: "./sso/",
          arrow: true,
        },
      ]
    },  
    {
      title: "Manage and Track Teleport Audit Events",

>       description: "View audit log generated when users and services interact with your cluster. And export events to store them in a log management platform.",

Reviewer 2: _And export events to store them in a log management platform._ doesn't feel like a complete sentence.

      href: "./export-audit-events/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Elastic Stack",
          href: "./export-audit-events/elastic-stack/",
          icon: "elasticStack",
        },
        {
          name: "Panther",
          href: "./export-audit-events/panther/",
          icon: "panther",
        },
        {
          name: "Datadog",
          href: "./export-audit-events/datadog/",
          icon: "datadog",
        },
        {
          name: "Splunk",
          href: "./export-audit-events/splunk/",
        },
      ]
    },
    {
      title: "Self-Hosting Teleport",

>       description: "Run Teleport Enterprise in your own infrastructure from setting up high availability and multi-region clusters to secure CA keys with KMS or HSM.",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: "Run Teleport Enterprise in your own infrastructure from setting up high availability and multi-region clusters to securing keys material with KMS or HSMs.",
```

      href: "./deploy-a-cluster/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "AWS KMS",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/aws-kms/",
          icon: "aws",
        },
        {
          name: "Google Cloud KMS",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/gcp-kms/",

>           icon: "gSuite",

Reviewer 2: The "G Suite" (which I think should be updated to reflect it's new name, Google Workspace..see above comment) link above uses a `googleCloud` icon, yet the Google Cloud KMS link here uses a `gSuite` icon. Any particular reason for the difference?

        },
        {
          name: "Helm Chart",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/",
        },
      ]
    },  
    {
      title: "Infrastructure as Code",
      description: "Manage Teleport's Dynamic Resources using infrastructure as code tools, including Terraform, Helm and the Teleport tctl client tool.",
      href: "./infrastructure-as-code/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Terraform",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/terraform-provider/",
          icon: "terraform",
        },
        {
          name: "Kubernetes Operator",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/teleport-operator/",
          icon: "kubernetes2",
        },
        {
          name: "Helm Chart",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/",
        },
      ]
    },
    {
      title: "Security Best Practices",

>       description: "To reduce system vulnerabilities and to avoid security follow recommended security practices to secure your cluster.",

Reviewer 2: The descriptions for the other topics always starts with a verb. How about this instead?

```suggestion
      description: "Secure your cluster with these best practices.",
```

If you don't like the suggested wording, that's okay too, but we do need to fix this either way as "avoid security follow" doesn't read correctly.

      href: "./management/security/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Reducing the Blast Radius of Attacks",
          href: "./management/security/reduce-blast-radius/",
        },
        {
          name: "Restrict Access",
          href: "./management/security/restrict-privileges/",
        },
        {
          name: "Revoking Access",
          href: "./management/security/revoking-access/",
        },
      ]
    },
    {
      title: "VNet",

>       description: "Configure access controls that align with compliance framework's requirements to enforce policies, control user permissions.",

Reviewer 2: Not sure where this description came from but VNet isn't really related to access controls or compliance frameworks.

      href: "../enroll-resources/application-access/guides/vnet/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Teleport VNet Demo - The Better VPN for Secure Access",
          href: "https://youtu.be/OQ98VErAorM",
          icon: "youtube",
        },
      ]
    },
  ]}
/>

> <UseCasesList

Reviewer 2: These sound verify familiar - does this content also exist on the homepage?

  title="Teleport Zero Trust Access"
  image={zeroTrustAccessImg}
>
  Easy access to all your infrastructure, on a foundation of cryptographic identity and zero trust.

  [Authentication and session joining](./authentication/authentication.mdx)

  [Get started with role-based access control (RBAC)](./rbac-get-started/rbac-get-started.mdx)

  [Export audit events to a SIEM tool](./export-audit-events/export-audit-events.mdx)

</LandingHero>

<UseCasesList
  title="Popular Topics"
  desktopColumnsCount={2}
  useCases={[
    {
      title: "Sign in with your identity provider",
      description: "Log into infrastructure via your Single Sign-On (SSO) provider",
      href: "./sso/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Okta",
          href: "./sso/okta/",
          icon: "okta",
        },
        {
          name: "GitHub",
          href: "./sso/github-sso/",
          icon: "github",
        },
        {
          name: "Entra ID",
          href: "./sso/entra-id-oidc/",
          icon: "entraId",
        },
       {
          name: "More IdPs",
          href: "./sso/",
          arrow: true,
        },
      ]
    },
     {
      title: "VNet: Build without VPNs",

>       description: "Connect to internal, non-browser TCP and SSH resources without VPNs. Use familiar tools and workflows while eliminating exposure to public internet.",

Reviewer 2: This is a mouthful. I prefer the `Secure app & SSH access with no VPNs or proxies` that we use in other places.

      href: "./deploy-a-cluster/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "AWS KMS",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/aws-kms/",
          icon: "aws",
        },
        {
          name: "Google Cloud KMS",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/gcp-kms/",
          icon: "googleCloud",
        },
        {
          name: "Helm Chart",
          href: "./deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/",
        },
      ]
    },  
    {
      title: "Infrastructure as Code",
      description: "Manage Teleport's Dynamic Resources using infrastructure as code tools, including Terraform, Helm and the Teleport tctl client tool.",
      href: "./infrastructure-as-code/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Terraform",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/terraform-provider/",
        },
        {
          name: "Kubernetes Operator",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/teleport-operator/",
        },
        {
          name: "Helm Chart",
          href: "./infrastructure-as-code/teleport-operator/teleport-operator-helm/",

>         },

Reviewer 2: I'd consider omitting this. This is the docs for deploying the operator with a helm chart, not for managing dynamic resources using IaC tools.

      ]
    },
    {
      title: "Security Best Practices",
      description: "Run Teleport Enterprise in your own infrastructure, with guides covering high availability and multi-region clusters, secure CA keys with KMS or HSM, and more.",
      href: "./management/security/",
      tags: [
        {
          name: "Reducing the Blast Radius of Attacks",
          href: "./management/security/reduce-blast-radius/",
        },
        {
          name: "Restrict Access",
          href: "./management/security/restrict-privileges/",
        },
        {

>           name: "Revoking Access",

Reviewer 2: I would either use "Restrict" and "Revoke" or "Restricting" and "Revoking".

          href: "./management/security/revoking-access/",
        },
      ]
    }
  ]}
/>

<UseCasesList
  title="Use Cases"
  useCases={[
    {
      title: "Enroll and Protect Your Infrastructure",
      description: "Apps, servers, databases, Kubernetes, desktops, & more",
      href: "../enroll-resources/",
    },  
    {
      title: "VNet: Build without VPNs",
      description: "Secure app & SSH access with no VPNs or proxies",
      href: "../enroll-resources/application-access/guides/vnet/",
    },
    {

>       title: "Secure MCP (Protect the Vibes)",

Reviewer 2: I do love the "Protect the Vibes" but it feels more appropriate for a marketing page than for product docs.

      description: "Record a detailed review of what took place",
      href: "../reference/agent-services/desktop-access-reference/sessions/",
    },
    {
      title: "Session Sharing and Moderation",
      description: "Require a moderator for privileged sessions",
      href: "./authentication/joining-sessions/",
    },
    {
      title: "Dual Authorization Capabilities",
      description: "Require approvals to perform critical actions",
      href: "../identity-governance/access-requests/",
    },
    {
      title: "Manage Clusters with IaC",
      description: "Create, update, and manage Teleport in declarative code.",
      href: "./infrastructure-as-code/",
    },
  ]}
/>

{/* vale messaging.protocol-products = NO */}
<Resources
  resources={[
    {
      title: 'Applications',
      description: 'Protect web apps, TCP apps, and Cloud APIs',
      iconComponent: applicationSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/application-access/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Linux Servers',
      description: 'Secure Linux servers and OpenSSH servers',
      iconComponent: linuxServersSvg,
      href: '../enroll-resources/server-access/'
    },
    {
      title: 'Database Access',

>       description: 'AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, cloud DB platforms, & more',

Reviewer 2: I'd mention some of our most popular databases in the description instead of mentioning the most popular cloud providers (think Postgres, MongoDB, SQL Server, etc)
